Requirements:

		have to import libraries

	General: 

		Import an external library and use it somewhere in your code(ex. randomizer, math, time, etc)
		
		Comments

		Creating, accessing and changing variables

		Methods

	
	Task 1: Done
	
		Create a small program that takes a user’s input and allows them to choose which type of data they
		want it turned into (ex: if input is ‘2’, it could be turned into a float ‘2.0’ or a String “2”; make sure you use casting!!

	
	Task 2: Done
	
		Create a grade calculator that reports the grade score as well as a customized message for any percentage score
		being processed (including below 0 and above 100).


	Task 3: Done

		Create a program that asks the user to choose a starting number, an ending number, and a gap (how many numbers to skip)
		that then prints out every number between the bottom and top separated by the gap.
        Ex: User input low: 3, high: 15, gap: 4 … output would be -> 3, 5, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15

	
	Task 4: Done

		Create a guessing game that only ends when the user guesses the right number. Provide some hints to make it fair!

	
	Task 5: Done

		Create a program that calculates tax on a purchase and adds it to the total cost of the item.
		In addition, add another component to this program that allows the user to input a bank balance and item cost
		that reports how many of that item they can afford to buy.

	
	Task 6: Done

		Create a program that allows the user to enter as many values as they want and then calculates the lowest,
		highest, and average value using arrays or lists.


	Task 7: Done
	
		Create a class called ‘Person’ with the following: 

			Instance variables (at the top of class) for name, age, and favorite quote 

			Getters/setters for each of these variables 

			A constructor that requires an initial value for all variables 

		Then, create a program that allows the user to initialize and edit their own person object 

	Known Problems:
	    - Converter will crash if given any value that is not a number